yeah that's right it's my birthday
mother focus is my birthday birthday
both
okay now the story for body count is if
I can explain it in the most simplest
way I can this is how I would explain it
you are a dude that gets recruited by
this big organization thing that wants
you to go and beat up other dudes by
blowing them up that's the story of body
count you just go around killing things
blowing it up because this big
organization called the network wants
you to so that's the story you don't
really get much else here Oh later on
you have to fight these mysterious
figures who they don't know what they
are whatever you have to go kill them
too so I guess you know you have to kill
them too so it brings something
different no it doesn't it's just a lame
friggin story it really is that's the
story of body count I just I tuned out
half the time because it's so boring
anyway yeah there's the story of body
count not very good let's go on to the
sound all right now the sound in body
count is actually not that bad at all to
be honest the sound design itself is
actually pretty decent for the most part
at least there's some times where it
glitches out and some sounds don't sound
all that great to be honest but for the
most part the sound design is good the
voice acting there's not really much
voice acting but what voice acting there
is it's not bad it's not horrible it's
kind of cheesy in a way someone liners
are thrown here and there but for the
most part the voice acting what there is
of there's like just two or three voice
actors it's not bad it isn't um now
let's go on to the soundtrack soundtrack
is you know somewhat futuristic kind of
soundtrack you know we've heard this
kind of sound try before we just
recently did in Deus Ex um I will say
its okay its average soundtrack not
great not memorable but for the most
part sound is definitely better than the
story it's decent I would say so yeah
sound is ok let's go on to the graphics
all right now the graphics for body
count oh wow the graphics in body count
are not horrible they are definitely not
but they are outdated as hell and for a
game that is actually kind of major I
mean not a huge big game but game that's
been talked about for a little while
it's unnecessary for these graphics to
look this dated it really does it looks
like a game that came out in maybe 2005
six it looks like Call of Duty tues
graphics for the 360 which is not very
good because that game came out in 2005
I will say this though there is some
good in it alright the destruction the
destruction is actually really cool I
love how like just you know pieces of
buildings fall off when you shoot it you
know it looks good for the most part but
the thing is red faction doesn't much
better so it's not like it's an
inventive it's just cool looking alright
that's about it it's not like its new
black did it too but red faction did it
before black also which this is of
course a spiritual successor to I'll
just say it right here the environments
are very bland the texturing is terrible
everything is uninspired including how
the enemies look the enemies are just
stupid and bland some of them look like
they came from games like brink and any
other sci-fi shooter that you've ever
encountered it's just not very good it
really is the graphics are not very good
they're not horrible but they're not
good either so yeah take that for what
it is let's go on to the gameplay all
right now to gameplay for body count the
game play in this game is exactly how it
sounds it is just you going through a
mission getting told what to do by
someone and you just go around with guns
killing people that's really the stuff
gameplay around body count now the thing
about this is they add a little skill
shot thing just like bullet storm that
came out earlier this year where if you
kill people in different ways like if
you kill them with head shots or kill
them what explosives in the environments
or kill them with debris or something
like that in the environment then you
will get more points added to your high
score and at the end of the mission
you'll get an overall grade which I
guess makes you feel good inside I don't
know it really didn't seem all that well
implemented into the game the skill
shots just were boring i was just doing
stuff and i was still getting skill
shots I didn't know how unlike
Bulletstorm this game definitely did not
do a good job with the skill shots um I
will say this though the gunplay is not
terrible in the game but I also will say
this the gameplay is very frustrating
definitely in the single player because
the game wants you to go around killing
things mercifully killing things for no
reason well there is a reason but
whatever
just killing things getting points and
stuff the thing is there's a lot of
points where there's a whole bunch of
enemies and they're shooting at you left
and right and the radar does not help
the little map that tells you where
everybody is does not help because it's
very very vague it's a really really
annoying to read too and just this
enemies killing you left and right and
you're taking cover and your covers
deteriorating because the destructible
environments are annoying and just the
stuff is going on it's so frustrating
and enemies kill you because you have
very very low health too and it just
does not make you feel like a badass
when you're running through this
sometimes it does make you feel like
badass because there's sometimes where
they just throw like a few enemies
inside a room like four or five besides
like 10 in a huge environment and you
know where they are because they're
right in front of you and you can just
kill them with a whole bunch of
different variety of weapons and that's
really fun the thing is there's too many
missions like that where it's just all
big environment a whole bunch of enemies
kill them all before they kill you I'm
like no son I don't like that it's not
fun so that really brought the game down
from me those little parts here and
there were very fun but not worth me
saying this game is definitely worth a
buy I would say maybe at 30 maybe 20
bucks but for the most part right now is
a rental the multiplayer is also almost
completely dead already which is not
surprising because the game came out of
nowhere anyway and the multiplayer is
not that great i got into one into one
or two games and it's not that great
anyway so there you go there's my review
of body count it's not a great game it's
an okay rental but for the most part
it's a disappointing game because I was
kind of looking forward to it and it let
me down so yeah there's my review for
body count thank you and goodbye